# uncertainIndex
- Our code does not have a Makefile for running. All algorithms are implemented, but you need to run them by commenting out irrelavant lines on the main file by yourself. Now I give some simple instructions to show how to conduct different algorithms seperately.
- **Dataset selection.** Take a look at file *main.cpp*. In **Line 15**, You need to decide on which dataset to run the code by initializing a class *Graph* with corresponding dataset name. The datasets are given in folder *dataset*. You only need to give the folder name of the dataset in this step. Line 16-22 are some output functions to verify the correctness of initialization, you don't need to implement them for the algorithm.
- **Parameters setting.** In **Line 23** we give the sampling size $K$, $h$-hop vertex cover size, and constrained distance $dc$ for DCR query.
- **Actual value approximation.** You only need to run Line 28 to get NMC results of our queries. And we regard NMC results as accurate values. The lines below can all be commented out if you only want NMC results.
- **BSS and RSS queries.** To run BSS and RSS process, you only need to uncomment out Line 29 and 30 respectively. Note that we implement them by ourselves, so there may be some differences in performance compared with the primitive papers proposing them, since the datasets and realization details are all unclear to us. Other lines can all be commented out if you only want BSS or RSS results.
- **VecUR-Index and HoVecUR-Index queries.** From Line 47 to Line 66 in *main.cpp*, we implement $h$-hop vertex cover construction, Monte Carlo sampling and index construction, and count the running time of each part seperately. Then in Line 68, we answer the queries through out indexing algorithm. If you want to see the format of our index structure, you can execute Line 71 to get an output file recording index information, and store the index you have constructed as a file. Once you store them, you can run Line 72-73 directly to answer the queries by the index you already have, skipping the construction process.